Like many, I think the roots for my interest in computer science and technology is in video games. I started playing video games from quite a young age, but as I got older I would become quite  interested in the technical aspect of everything. How these were created and worked was something I had always wanted to learn about. Another big inspiration for me was my uncle, who got me into building computers and computer hardware at a pretty young age. He would always get me great gifts that helped me get deeper into my interests. I remember having to make him help me install Minecraft mods, and I learned a lot about the basics of using the Windows file system from that. As I got older, my interest in how computers really fundamentally worked grew, and would start watching a lot of YouTube videos on the topic. Eventually, I got an eight hour Python course in my recommended and finally decided to just sit down and learn, as coding was something I thought I'd be interested in for a while now. I learned basic python and wrote some small command line games. Soon, I would tell my friend at school I started learning to code, and he decided to do it with me as well. Over the following years, having this friend motivated me a lotas we would often collaborate on projects and share our creations with each other. Eventually, we would branch out and make games in Unity together, and as well as start our own personal projects based on personal interests. I had lots of fun creating mods for one of my favorite games, a little website, and a few discord bots.