The thing I'd like to highlight most is my genuine interest in computer science and programming, and lots of other facets of technology. I've sunk thousands of hours on personal and collaborative projects, which are almost all open source and for the fun of it. I've made a wide variety of applications like discord bots, game modes, websites, and video games. I also turned an old office computer into a home server a while ago, which has been a lot of fun. I installed Ubuntu Linux on it and set it up to be completely remote access only, which has taught me a lot about Linux and what managing something like this for a company might be like—recently I actually started using Linux on my main computer which has been fun. I deploy my discord bots on it, use it for remote storage, run game servers for my friends, and run a streaming service off it with movies from ripped DVD's. Another thing that I would like to talk about is that I come from a quite small high  school in a rural area with not many opportunities to go above academically, as the hardest classes offered are not that advanced and we have very few academic-related extra-circulars. I've honestly joined just about everything that has come across me that's academic-related, and have taken all the hardest classes available. I hope that the things I've done on my own outside of  school are enough to show that I really do have passion for technical topics like this, and that I'm willing to teach myself what my school doesn't offer.