As a kid, I always had a drive for creating and making things. Like many children, I was obsessed with becoming a YouTuber or online content creator. By the time I was nine, I had made a channel to post simple gameplay videos. They weren’t the best, but I loved making them. Learning to tweak recording settings, making thumbnails, and recording commentary gave me a creative outlet which I really enjoyed. The mediums through which I create have changed many times, but I’ve always had an urge to learn and make something meaningful. If not gameplay videos, I made Lego stop-motion films. I learned to code to develop websites and games. I tried out making music for a while, graphic design, and building computers. My interests spanned many fields, but the passion to create something I could be proud of is something found in all of them. Among all of these, though, one will always hold a special place in my heart: Geometry Dash. There’s the playing side of Geometry Dash, which initially hooked me–spending hours practicing levels to beat them. But what truly drew me in was the incredible community behind the creation of these levels and the sheer dedication and imagination that goes into them. They can be works of art; expressing music, telling stories, or simply serving as eye candy. It is hard to overstate the staggering amount of time, effort, and technical skill it takes to make some of these, yet thousands in this community do it for free out of nothing but true passion and love for creating, which I think is something that is really special and inspirational, and I wanted to be a part of it. Building levels quickly became a favorite hobby. The process of building a level to reflect some of my favorite music was truly captivating and rewarding for me. It was the perfect blend of creativity but also technical skill. I joined communities where creators would send their work and trade feedback, in which I made many friends and often collaborated with them. I decided to revive my channel to post my creations. They rarely got attention, but it was something I really enjoyed. There was one level I made that seriously changed things. It was a fan-made extension of a well- known and renowned level in the community. I poured a lot into it, spending hours on it every day for a couple months. When I finally finished it and published it to YouTube, I went to sleep, not expecting much. The next morning, I woke up overwhelmed by the attention it had received. My subscriber count, which had been in the double digits, had grown by several hundred overnight. The creator of the original level, one of the biggest figures in the community, even acknowledged my work. This recognition motivated me to dedicate thousands of hours over the following years to building levels, sharing my creations, and engaging with the community. I became friends with creators I had once idolized, and even collaborated with them. The most rewarding part wasn’t the attention, though, it was knowing my creations could have a meaningful impact on someone–that I could be for others what my idols had been for me. The connections I’ve made from this game have lasted years. Geometry Dash and its creating community instilled in me the value of collaboration, dedication, creating things just for fun, and the joy of inspiring others–values that have carried over into my newer interests such as programming, and that I hope carry into everything else I do. No matter what I do in my future, I hope these qualities always remain a part of me.